README.md, before:

# CUTEst.jl: [Julia](http://julialang.org)'s [CUTEst](http://ccpforge.cse.rl.ac.uk/gf/project/cutest/wiki) Interface

This is work in progress to create an interface to CUTEst based on
[NLP.jl](https://github.com/optimizers/NLP.jl).

## Installing

To install CUTEst, we suggest using the [Homebrew](https://github.com/Homebrew)
[CUTEst tap](https://github.com/dpo/homebrew-cutest), which will build a
shared library.

````JULIA
julia> Pkg.clone("https://github.com/optimizers/NLP.jl.git")
julia> Pkg.clone("https://github.com/optimizers/CUTEst.jl.git")
````

## Example

````JULIA
using CUTEst

nlp = CUTEstModel("BYRDSPHR.SIF");
print(nlp);

(f, c) = objcons(nlp, nlp.meta.x0);
(f, g) = objgrad(nlp, nlp.meta.x0, true);
nlp.meta.ncon > 0 && (c, J) = cons(nlp, nlp.meta.x0, true);
H = hess(nlp, nlp.meta.x0));
````

## Related Packages

[ampl.jl](https://github.com/dpo/ampl.jl) provides an interface to
[AMPL](http://www.ampl.com) models based on [NLP.jl](https://github.com/optimizers/NLP.jl).

[![GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/graphics/lgplv3-88x31.png)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html "LGPLv3")

Commit message:

update to README.md
This is a small edit, which I think explains this work better and makes it more searchable.

README.md, after:

# CUTEst.jl: [Julia](http://julialang.org)'s [CUTEst](http://ccpforge.cse.rl.ac.uk/gf/project/cutest/wiki) Interface

This is a work in progress to create an interface to CUTEst, a repository for testing and comparing nonlinear programming algorithms, which is bases on [NLP.jl](https://github.com/optimizers/NLP.jl).

## Installing

To install CUTEst, we suggest using the [Homebrew](https://github.com/Homebrew)
[CUTEst tap](https://github.com/dpo/homebrew-cutest), which will build a
shared library.

````JULIA
julia> Pkg.clone("https://github.com/optimizers/NLP.jl.git")
julia> Pkg.clone("https://github.com/optimizers/CUTEst.jl.git")
````

## Example

````JULIA
using CUTEst

nlp = CUTEstModel("BYRDSPHR.SIF");
print(nlp);

(f, c) = objcons(nlp, nlp.meta.x0);
(f, g) = objgrad(nlp, nlp.meta.x0, true);
nlp.meta.ncon > 0 && (c, J) = cons(nlp, nlp.meta.x0, true);
H = hess(nlp, nlp.meta.x0));
````

## Related Packages

[ampl.jl](https://github.com/dpo/ampl.jl) provides an interface to
[AMPL](http://www.ampl.com) models based on [NLP.jl](https://github.com/optimizers/NLP.jl).

[![GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/graphics/lgplv3-88x31.png)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html "LGPLv3")
